Add Tooltip for JDK Distros Explanation (#65)
se-edu/guides: tutorials/javaInstallationMac.md

**Why this specific version of JDK?**

> * This version comes with <tooltip content="a Java framework used to develop Java GUI programs">JavaFX</tooltip> (which is not included in most <tooltip content="different versions or implementations of the Java Development Kit (JDK), for example, Oracle JDK and OpenJDK">JDK distros</tooltip>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This version comes with <tooltip content="a Java framework used to develop Java GUI programs">JavaFX</tooltip> (which is not included in most <popover content="distros' is a shorter term for 'distributions'. So, 'JDK distros' are different versions or implementations of the Java Development Kit (JDK) e.g., Oracle JDK, OpenJDK, Azul JDKs etc.">JDK distros</popover>).
```
As the text is longer, better to use a popover instead (similar to tooltip but more optimized for longer text)

> * This version comes with <tooltip content="a Java framework used to develop Java GUI programs">JavaFX</tooltip> (which is not included in most <popover content="distros' is a shorter term for 'distributions'. So, 'JDK distros' are different versions or implementations of the Java Development Kit (JDK) e.g., Oracle JDK, OpenJDK, Azul JDKs etc.">JDK distros</popover>).

Reviewer 2: There might be a typo in the first `distros'`, do you mean for it to be either `distros` or `'distros'`?
